[BLOG] November community update blog post (#249)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/blog/20231109-Daeraxa-NovemberUpdate.md

You can view the progress of this work over on [its pull request](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/pull/774) by [@mauricio szabo].

## A new code runner package

<img src="./assets/computer.png" height=200>

[@confused-techie] has been working on a new package for running scripts and code directly within Pulsar. The inspiration comes from some existing packages that still work and can be installed, but few of the most popular ones are still actively maintained. Having an integrated code runner package is a common request from new Pulsar users wondering how they can run code directly in the editor in much the same way as is possible within other editors such as VSCode. We are currently discussing the best way to bring this kind of functionality to users; should we publish this as a package, include it as a new core package, or something in-between? Whatever the outcome, you can look forward to more news on this package soon!

If you want to check it out in its current, in-development state, then have a look at the [pulsar-runner](https://github.com/confused-Techie/pulsar-runner) repository.

<img src="./assets/pulsar-runner.png" height=200>

> ## Further instalments in the modern Tree-sitter blog post series

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Further installments in the modern Tree-sitter blog post series
```

Author: Classic UK vs US spelling again, I guess it should be US as the blog is meant to be from the team.

Reviewer: TIL This is the UK spelling, was throwing me off why it didn't show as wrong on autocorrect lol

<img src="./assets/tree-sitter.png" height="150" />[^1]

> Continuing on from [last month's entry](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20231004-Daeraxa-OctoberUpdate.html#modern-tree-sitter-blog-posts) we have posted two new blog posts by [@savetheclocktower] on the topic of Pulsar's modern Tree-sitter implementation. So if you haven't seen those posts, then you can continue onto parts [three](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20231013-savetheclocktower-modern-tree-sitter-part-3.html) and [four](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20231031-savetheclocktower-modern-tree-sitter-part-4.html) on the topics of queries and indentation & code folding respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Continuing on from [last month's entry](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20231004-Daeraxa-OctoberUpdate.html#modern-tree-sitter-blog-posts) we have posted two new blog posts by [@savetheclocktower] on the topic of Pulsar's modern Tree-sitter implementation. So if you haven't seen those posts, then you can continue onto parts [three](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20231013-savetheclocktower-modern-tree-sitter-part-3.html) and [four](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20231031-savetheclocktower-modern-tree-sitter-part-4.html) on the topics of syntax highlighting and indentation & code folding respectively.
```
